Add README.md (#8)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: README.md

> # OpenTelemetry Auto Instrumentation

Reviewer: +1

This project provides [OpenTelemetry] instrumentation for [Go] libraries using [eBPF].

## Project Status

> :construction: This project currently a work in progress.

Reviewer: You can remove "a" from the suggestion.

> :construction: This project currently a work in progress.

Reviewer 2: "Grammarly" tells me otherwise. I think because "work" is a noun here (not a verb).

> ### Compatability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compatibility
```

> This project ensures compatibility with the current supported versions of the [Go language](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release#policy):

Reviewer: Or

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Go Automatic Instrumentation is compatible with all current supported versions of the [Go language](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release#policy).
```

I think the statement about the language is correct. The OS is covered later.

> This project ensures compatibility with the current supported versions of the [Go language](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release#policy):

Reviewer 3: I think that the goal is broader than Ubuntu

> > Each major Go release is supported until there are two newer major releases.

Reviewer 4: Are we sure we want to do this? I think one of the big wins in this project is being able to instrument any Go binary, I think some people for sure have binaries with older Go versions that they can't control. I didn't see this limitation on other auto instrumentation projects. On the other hand, supporting only Go 1.17 and above is much easier. (Go changed their ABI in this version, so no need to support both stack-based and registry-based)

Reviewer 2: We have the same policy for .NET auto instrumentation. The main reason is maintenance costs.

Author: This is also the policy of https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go. If we are trying to inter-op with that project I think having a similar compatibility project is appropriate.

For what it's worth, I think this is a good way to start the project off. We can always make this more comprehensive and cover more versions as the project matures if we feel it is needed.

> > Each major Go release is supported until there are two newer major releases.
> > For example, Go 1.5 was supported until the Go 1.7 release, and Go 1.6 was supported until the Go 1.8 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each major Go release is supported until there are two newer major releases.
- For example, Go 1.5 was supported until the Go 1.7 release, and Go 1.6 was supported until the Go 1.8 release.
```

Reviewer: Oh, I see. In that case we can leave it like that.

> For versions of Go that are no longer supported upstream, this project will stop ensuring compatibility with these versions in the following manner:

Author: "it" is too ambiguous of a subject here. The subject of the previous sentence fragment can easily be misinterpreted as the subject of this and lead to unneeded confusion.

> For versions of Go that are no longer supported upstream, this project will stop ensuring compatibility with these versions in the following manner:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For versions of Go that are no longer supported upstream, this repository will stop ensuring compatibility with these versions in the following manner:
```

- A minor release will be made to add support for the new supported release of Go.
- The following minor release will remove compatibility testing for the oldest (now archived upstream) version of Go.
   This, and future, releases may include features only supported by the currently supported versions of Go.

Currently, this project is tested for the following environments.

| OS      | Go Version | Architecture |
| ------- | ---------- | ------------ |
| Ubuntu  | 1.19       | amd64        |
| Ubuntu  | 1.18       | amd64        |

> This project is known to not work in Windows environments.

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Go Automatic Instrumentation is not yet compatible with Windows binaries.
```

> This project is known to not work in Windows environments.

Reviewer 3: Regarding Windows, I think it can, however I'm not sure what's current status of the project. In this blog post it's mentioned that it's in early stage of development https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/opensource/2021/05/10/making-ebpf-work-on-windows/, but that was more than year ago, so situation might be a little bit different now. 
There were some attempts to implement/port ebpf to FreeBSD for instance, but I'm not sure if there exists any production ready (or beta at least) implementation.

> This project is known to not work in Windows environments.

Reviewer 2: How about the following?

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Go Automatic Instrumentation requires Linux kernel ≥ 4.4.
```

> This project is known to not work in Windows environments.

Reviewer 2: I think that the info regarding compilation should be in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (or `DEVELOPING.md` if it gets too large)

## Contributing

See the contributing documentation.

## License

> This project is released under the terms of the [Apache Software License version 2.0].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry Go Automatic Instrumentation is licensed under the terms of the [Apache Software License version 2.0].
```
